announcing the 1.14.0 release candidate (#465)
apache/flink-web: _posts/2021-08-31-release-1.14.0-rc0.md

---
layout: post
title:  "Help us stabilize Apache Flink 1.14.0 RC0"
date:   2021-08-31 00:00:00
categories: news
authors:
- joemoe:
  name: "Johannes Moser"

---

Dear Flink Community,

we are excited to announce the first release candidate of Apache Flink 1.14. 🎉

> There are a lot of features and fixes - improving
> the unified batch and streaming experience, increased the fault tolerance by 
> reducing the in-flight data, worked on connectors,.... as well as tidied some 
> components, just to mention some - that went into this release and it wouldn't
> have been possible without your help. :) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of features and fixes went into this release, including improvements to the unified batch and streaming experience, an increase in fault tolerance by reducing in-flight data, and more developments on connectors and components. 

It wouldn't have been possible without your help. :)  [Around 211 people]((https://github.com/apache/flink/graphs/contributors?from=2021-03-31&to=2021-08-31&type=c) ) have made contributions!
```

> [Around 211 people](https://github.com/apache/flink/graphs/contributors?from=2021-03-31&to=2021-08-31&type=c)

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to remove this link, as it confuses people with an inconsistent number.

> [Around 211 people]((https://github.com/apache/flink/graphs/contributors?from=2021-03-31&to=2021-08-31&type=c) ) have made contributions!
> Two weeks ago (August 16th) we created a feature freeze. This means that only a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two weeks ago (August 16th) we created a feature freeze. This means that only a 
```
